FLEXBOX
-------
-------

PARENT PROPERTIES:
------------------

1. flex-direction: default row | row-reverse | column | column-reverse
	. row and column: as usual we know
	. row-reverse: start from reverse right to left (default: left to right)
	.column-reverse: starts from reverse bottom to top (default: top to bottom)

2. flex-wrap: default nowrap | wrap | wrap-reverse 

	wrap row : top to bottom
	wrap-reverse row : bottom to top
	wrap column : left to right 
	wrap-reverse column : right to left

	.nowrap: as usual not doing any thing wrap
	. wrap:
		i.   row wrap : starts from top to bottom and series starts from left to right
		ii.  row-reverse wrap : starts from top to bottom and series starts from right to left.
		iii. column wrap : starts from left to right and series starts from top to bottom.
		iv.  column-reverse wrap : starts from left to right and series from bottom to top.
	. wrap-reverse: 
		i.   row wrap-reverse : starts from bottom to top and series starts from left to right.
		ii.  row-reverse wrap-reverse : starts from bottom to top and series starts from right to left.
		iii. column wrap-reverse : starts from right to left and series starts from top to bottom.
		iv.  column-reverse wrap-reverse : starts from right to left and series starts from bottom to top. 

. row wrap : starts from top to bottom and series starts from left to right
. row wrap-reverse : starts from bottom to top and series starts from left to right.
. row-reverse wrap : starts from top to bottom and series starts from right to left.
. row-reverse wrap-reverse : starts from bottom to top and series starts from right to left.

. column wrap : starts from left to right and series starts from top to bottom.
. column wrap-reverse : starts from right to left and series starts from top to bottom.
. column-reverse wrap : starts from left to right and series from bottom to top.
. column-reverse wrap-reverse : starts from right to left and series starts from bottom to top. 

3. flex-flow: flex-direction flex-wrap (short hand of these two properties)

4. justify-content: flex-start | flex-end | center | space-between | space-evenly | space-around

5. 


















	HARNE LAGO NA TO BOLO YAR ABHI ITNA KARLIA HE SOCH LIA HE TO KHARAB THORI KARO GA PELHE ITNI TAKLEEF JELHI KHARAB THORI KARO GA